@c Copyright (C)  2013 Benjamin K. Johannsen
@c Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify
@c this document under the terms of the GNU Free
@c Documentation License, Version 1.3 or any later version
@c published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
@c Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no
@c Back-Cover Texts.  A copy of the license is included in
@c the section entitled ``GNU Free Documentation License''.

@cindex GNU General Public License
This package is a collection of routines that implement
the @sc{CMR} model. 
The source code is distributed under the GNU
General Public License, a copy of which is included in this document
(@pxref{GNU General Public License}).
The manual is distribted under the
(@pxref{GNU Free Documentation License}).  
The code makes extensive use of the Dynare software package for solving
and estimating DSGE models.  
The choice of license
is for practical and required reasons.  The code is meant to be
as freely available as possible.  Additionally, the model requires
several files from Dynare, which are licensed under the GNU
General Public License.  In order to comply with the terms of
that license, all code released here is also licensed to any user
under the GNU General Public License.

You should know that the code provided has no warranty.  
The code is provided ``as is.''

Any system with Matlab (version 7.0 or above) or GNU Octave (versions
3.0 or above) and Dynare (version 4.3.2) should be able to use the code.
Matlab must be purchased from MathWorks
@uref{http://www.mathworks.com/products/matlab/}.
GNU Octave is free software and can be downloaded from
@uref{http://www.gnu.org/software/octave/}.
Dynare is also free software and can be downloaded from
@uref{http://www.dynare.org/}.


@menu
* Installation::
* Using Dynare::
* A Note on Dynare Version::
@end menu

@node Installation
@section Installation
The model code must be in the current working directory of Matlab or
Octave.  To see the name of the current working directory,
issue the command
@example 
>> pwd
@end example
@noindent To see the names of the files in the current working directory,
issue the command
@example
>> ls
@end example
@noindent To change directories, use the @code{cd} command.

@node Using Dynare
@section Using Dynare
The library requires that the Dynare be installed and available
to Matlab or Octave.
Use the @code{addpath} command to add the path to the installation
of Dynare.  To ensure that Matlab or Octave can find @code{dynare},
issue the command
@example
>> which dynare
@end example
@noindent If you see @code{'dynare' not found.}, the path
to Dynare has not been added.

@node A Note on Dynare Versions
@section A Note on Dynare Versions
The code distributed here is compatible
with dynare 4.3.2.  Unfortunately, several of the changes made in Dynare 4.3.3
affected the files needed to implement the Weibull distribution, which is
used in the prior for the measurement error of equity.  With minor modification,
the user should be able to use any version of Dynare in the future.  However,
to replicate the results using the code provided here, the user should
use dynare 4.3.2.
