@c Copyright (C)  2013 Benjamin K. Johannsen
@c Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify
@c this document under the terms of the GNU Free
@c Documentation License, Version 1.3 or any later version
@c published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
@c Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no
@c Back-Cover Texts.  A copy of the license is included in
@c the section entitled ``GNU Free Documentation License''.

The results that are shown in the tables are produced in subdirectories
that are named to correspond to the numbering in the manuscript.  
Instructions for producing the data in Table 2, Table 3, and Table 4
follow.  It is important that the working directory of Matlab
or Octave be the directory in which the graphing files are located,
e.g. @code{/path/to/cmrfiles/table2}.

@menu
* Table 2::
* Table 3::
* Table 4::
@end menu

@node Table 2
@section Table 2
In the directory @code{table} is a file named @code{cmr.mod} and
a file named @code{cmr_mode.mat}.  To
generate the data in Table 2, 
all you need to do is run dynare with this file.
That is,
@example
>> dynare cmr
@end example
@noindent
The relevant information is printed to the screen by Dynare.

@node Table 3
@section Table 3
In the directory @code{table3} are files named @code{cmr.mod},
@code{cmr_mode.mat}, @code{find_ss_4table.m}, and @code{model_ss_table.m}.
To
generate the data in Table 2, 
all you need to do is run dynare with this file.
That is,
@example
>> dynare cmr
@end example
@noindent
The relevant information is printed to the screen after the default
Dynare output.

@node Table 4
@section Table 4
In the directory @code{table4} are subdirectories that include
the code required to replicate the MCMC results reported in Table 4.
NOTE: the log files from the MCMC runs are also included in the subdirectories,
meaning that you can see the output without actually running the code.
This is potentially important because Dynare takes about one week to
complete the computation in each subdirectory.  There are many 
different configurations of the signals in Table 4. For example,
there are runs with signals on
the risk shock (the baseline case), 
signals on technology, signals on monetary policy, etecetera.
The subdirectories are named to correspond to the various runs.  All
that the user should need to do is make sure that the home directory
(@code{cmrfiles}) is on the Matlab path and then run @code{dynare cmr}.
